PLUG Meeting Agenda 2019-03-19


We have made an effort to streamline the agenda and shorten the meeting time.


1. Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:xx PM?


2. Attendance
Present: x
Apologies: x
Absent: x


3. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
MOTION: Proposed by x and seconded by x Passed ? Abstain?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m0Kw9DcBQ3XExc5k7sDBab4jUbQJA4fc0ns972o5AgA


4. Reports & Standing Items.
A. Financial Situation as of 2019-03-19 Peter:
Cash box                 $x current, $252.55 start of year        ($252.55 start 2018)
Debit card(old)          $x current, $40.86 start of year        ($40.86  start 2018)
Load&Go(new)         $x current, $27.89 start of year        ($161.21 start 2018)
Bank Balance                $x current, $2850.34 start of year        ($3469.95 start 2018)
Total Moneys           $x (was $3309.34 start of year)        ($3924.57 start 2018)
Income -                $x this month,        $30.00 last, $85.00 this year
Expense -                $x this month,        $69.29 last, $197.33 this year
Profit(Loss) -                $x this month,        (39.29) last, (112.33) this year


B.Membership Situation as of 2019-03-19 Paul:
x renewals/new in February $x
x renewals/new in January $x
x renewals/new in December $x
x renewals/new in November $x
x Current Paid Members, previous month was x
x Expired Members, previous month was x
x Members on meetup.com, previous month x


C.Events:
* March-
Any feedback for James Henstridge’s talk?
Mon 2019-03-25 PLUG-in-the-Pub: Durty Nellie’s, CBD.
* April-
Tue 2019-04-09 Greg Orange - Open Infrastructure Summit talk.
Benjamin has emailed, to ask for a condensed abstract.
ask about how technical audience needs to be)
* May-
2019-05-14 Raspberry PI Jam demo? Michel said he would email them?
https://goo.gl/do2Uze Also bring-your-laptop, play games?
Mon 2019-05-27? PLUG-in-the-Pub Pirate Bar?
* June-
2019-06-11 To be confirmed: Benjamin, Open source LAN party? 
MooseFS/LizardFS talk?
* July-
Talk?
PLUG-in-the-pub 2019-07-22 ?
* August/September-
Moodle?
Ubuntu on USB Drives?


5. General Business.
* Margaret- New laws for Associations https://goo.gl/wd3yH4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
We just need to submit our updated Constitution we approved at the AGM.
* PO BOX Ends March 2019 end of the month.
* VOTE For the renewal?
MOTION: Proposed by Paul and seconded by x Passed Yes/No? Abstain?


* Sponsorship Agreement- Nick/Peter did you speak with Amandine at Spacecubed?
--End of old business, new business below--


6. New Matters arising.
* ACTION: Peter 2018/2019 financial report on website .ODP
* Interest bearing accounts. Do you want Paul/Peter to look into further?


7. Next committee meeting.
Tuesday 2019-04-16?




Meeting closed by Benjamin at 8:xx PM?
